Intuit Inc. Applicant Privacy Policy
Last Update: 09/17/2014
   
Intuit Inc. and its affiliated companies (collectively, “Intuit”) values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. This Applicant Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our practices in connection with the information that we collect from candidates, applicants, job seekers, and other individuals (collectively, “Applicant”) via our Career Sites, services, and offline and online documents (collectively, “Careers Site”) in connection with your application for a job with Intuit or one of our affiliates.  Personal information submitted elsewhere on Intuit’s and its affiliates’ web sites will be used in accordance with our general online Privacy Policy.  
  
YOUR CONSENT
Please read this Policy carefully and indicate your acceptance of its terms by clicking the “I Accept” button at the end of the Notice and Consent For Online Applicants or by otherwise supplying your personal information in connection with your application for a job with Intuit.  If you do not accept this Policy, you will not be able to apply for a position online.  

 
By agreeing to this Applicant Privacy Policy, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to the United States or any other country where Intuit may conduct business, which may have a different data protection regime than the country in which you reside.   As a global company Intuit may also transfer or access personal information you submit in other Intuit locations, including to or in countries outside of the European Economic Area that the European Union considers to have inadequate laws protecting the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data. Intuit complies with the U.S. – EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland respectively. Information regarding both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks can be found at http://export.gov/safeharbor.  Intuit adheres to the U.S. Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program.
 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide
We may collect the following information from you in connection with your application: 
Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information
Password:
Citizenship and work authorization status
CV, résumé, cover letter, previous work experience and education information;
Skills;
Current salary and desired salary;
Professional and other work-related licenses, permits and certifications held;
Information relating to references; and
Any other information you elect to provide to us (e.g., career objectives, employment preferences, willingness to relocate, willingness to travel, awards or professional memberships).
If you are applying for a job in the United States, you may provide us information about your gender, race, ethnicity, veteran status, disabilities, and visa status; this information is optional and if you choose to provide it, we will use it only for compliance with government regulations and record-keeping. For applicants outside the United States, we ask that you not submit the following types of information: racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental heath, trade union membership, sexual life, or criminal offence.
   
Any information you submit through the Careers Site must be true, complete and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment.  In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party’s rights.
  
If you provide us with personal information of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us. 
 
Information from Other Sources
Intuit may obtain information about you from references, a background check report in connection with your application, or other third parties as permitted by applicable law or with your consent.  
 
USE OF INFORMATION
The information that you submit on the Careers Site will be used for Intuit’s global personnel recruitment, management and planning purposes, as permitted by local law, including:  
To process your application;
To assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job; 
To conduct reference checks;
To respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about your application, and to send you information regarding the Careers Site and changes to our terms and policies;
To comply with or monitor compliance with any applicable law or regulation; and
To conduct background checks if we offer you a position.
The information about you will be added to Intuit’s international candidate database and may be used to consider you for opportunities at Intuit and its affiliates other than the one(s) for which you apply.  If we hire you, personal information we collect in connection with your application may be incorporated into our human resources system and may be used to manage the new-hire process; any such information may become part of your employee file and may be used for other employment-related purposes. 
 
Intuit may also use the information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
 
Providing personal information to us through the Careers Site is voluntary.  However, if you fail to provide sufficient information, Intuit may be unable to consider your employment application or, if you are hired, your subsequent promotion, transfer or relocation.
  
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Intuit may share personal information with affiliates that are involved in evaluating candidates for a given position.  Intuit Inc. will remain responsible for personal information that is jointly used with affiliates.  We will make the information available to personnel with a business need to know the information, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position for which you are applying. 
  
Intuit may share personal information with our third-party service providers who provide services such as hosting and operating the Careers Site, recruiting assistance, background check processing, and similar services.  
  